Steps to install
----------------

 1. Set up Vagrant by following [their instructions](http://vagrantup.com/docs/getting-started/index.html).

 2. Clone the `historymesh-vm` repository, either from the command line:
    
        git clone git@github.com:historymesh/historymesh.git
    
    or by using the [Github Mac client](http://mac.github.com/).

 3. Clone the `historymesh` repository in the same way.

 4. Symlink the `historymesh` repository by opening up a terminal and running:
    
        ln -s ../historymesh
    
    or whatever the path is to your `historymesh` directory.

 5. Go to the `historymesh-vm` directory and run:
    
        vagrant up
    
    This should download the base box (about 300 MB), then launch and set up
    the development box. This should take about 10 to 15 minutes. You should
    see a large number of blue status messages, signifying successful steps.
    Any pink messages suggest something has gone wrong. A few of the steps will
    take a couple of minutes, during which time nothing will appear to happen;
    this is normal.

 6. In your browser, go to <http://localhost:8062>. You should see the site
    home page, complete with stories and styling. If not, something has gone
    wrong in the setup.


Editing
-------

You should be able to edit on your local machine, using your text editor of
choice. Changes in templates, CSS and JavaScript should be reflected immediately
on the server, but code changes will require a server restart, as follows:

    cd historymesh-vm
    vagrant ssh
    ./kick

If anyone wants to get auto-reloading working with Apache and `mod_wsgi`,
[knock yourself out](http://code.google.com/p/modwsgi/wiki/ReloadingSourceCode).


Troubleshooting
---------------

If something does go wrong with the initial setup, you may be able to recover
by running:

    vagrant provision

This should run through the Puppet configuration, applying anything that didn't
get set up correctly the first time.

Failing that, come and poke me (Fatty) on IRC or email; as problems crop up,
I'll add them to this file.
